Doctor: How old are you? 
Patient: I am seventy three.  
Doctor: Are you right handed or left handed? 
Patient: Right. 
Doctor: So, I see the chief complaint is memory loss and cognitive decline. Tell me what exactly happened, and how did you notice the symptoms? Let me document that today is January twelfth of nineteen ninety five.
Guest_family: We noticed it the week prior to Thanksgiving last year in nineteen ninety four. We have a family tradition where we play a game and this time, we were taking her to Vail, Colorado to play "Murder She Wrote" at one of our family gatherings. She was chosen to be the assassin. 
Doctor: Okay. 
Guest_family: Kids played a trick with her and they hid a plastic gun, a toy gun in her luggage. As she walked through the security, the alarm went off and like within seconds she was all surrounded, and everyone was like panicked. There was so much panic, they searched her and interrogated her and what not. Eventually she and her family made it to the flight, and she seemed unusually frustrated and disoriented by all that. Previously, if any such incident would have happened in the past, she would just have like chuckled and brushed it off. And we all would have sat together and laughed about it. This time it was different. 
Doctor: I can see why she was frustrated. Anyone can be in such situations. 
Guest_family: When we were in Colorado, she seemed slow. She had difficulty reading her lines to her part when we were playing that game. She needed assistance to complete the whole game. 
Doctor: Was she slurring?
Guest_family: Nope. 
Doctor: Was there any difficulty with vision? Or any weakness? 
Guest_family: Nope. Nothing that we noticed. 
Doctor: How was it after returning from there? 
Guest_family: She returned to work. She used to work in a local florist shop. She returned on the Monday following Thanksgiving. And she had difficulty.
Patient:  I was not able to take on with my usual task of flower arrangements or dealing with the cash at the cash register. 
Guest_family: She quit the next day, and she never went back. 
Doctor: How was it after that? 
Guest_family: She seemed to be doing fine and stable throughout November and December, and we were visiting a local neurologist as well, who was evaluating her. He did a few blood tests and did uh, M R I of the brain. He gave us all clear. He said there's nothing there. 
Doctor: Yeah, I see the working diagnosis of dementia of the Alzheimer's Type. When did these symptoms increase? Like when did you started noticing them more? 
Guest_family: One or two weeks ago, so end of December nineteen ninety four, she got lost in her own home. She was getting more sensitive and started saying that she is becoming a liability for everyone, which is not at all like her. Her walking was affected. She started walking like a bended form and also started veering to the right. She also did not recognize the location of where people were talking to her.