Doctor: Please, tell me a little more about your son. 
Guest_family: Well, he's twelve years old now, but he was born at about a month and a half early. 
Doctor: Were there any other complications with the pregnancy? 
Guest_family: He was exposed to drugs in the womb while I was pregnant, and he has been diagnosed with autism. 
Doctor: Okay. I see he has previously had an operation on the right knee, can you tell me more about that? 
Guest_family: He previously had a lot of trouble straightening out both of his legs, and since the right was worse than the left he had an operation on the inside part of the back of that leg. 
Doctor: When was this operation? 
Guest_family: It was in February of two thousand seven. 
Doctor: How did he respond to the operation? 
Guest_family: He responded really well, he was walking much better, and even got back to playing sports with the other kids in the neighborhood. 
Doctor: What seems to be the problem today? 
Guest_family: Now, his left knee is getting really bad, it's like how the right knee was. He can't straighten this leg. I think we should do the same operation again on the left knee. 
Doctor: Yes, I think we'll have to do surgery. 
Guest_family: What is the risk of infection with the surgery? 
Doctor: Historically, it's been less than one percent, we use prophylactic antibiotics in order to minimize infection risk. 
Guest_family: Will he be under anesthesia for the procedure?
Doctor: Yes, he will be. He won't feel anything. 
Guest_family: Will this completely solve his problem?
Doctor: I can't guarantee that he won't need additional procedures in the future. The other risks include, bleeding, changes in sensation and motion to the leg, failure to restore normal anatomy, and risk it won't work in general. 
Guest_family: What's the name of this procedure? 
Doctor: It's called a distal medial hamstring release.
Guest_family: This is the same procedure he had in two thousand seven, right? 
Doctor: Yes ma'am, the exact same one.  
Guest_family: Okay, that sounds good, we want to go through with the procedure. 
Doctor: Okay, here is my surgical scheduler's business card, give them a call, and they can walk you through everything.