Doctor: So let's start from the beginning.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: You're seventy nine years old, correct?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Right or left handed?
Patient: Right.
Doctor: Do you remember when you had your first fall? 
Patient: Hm about a year and a half ago I fell while trying to walk from my bed to the living room.
Doctor: Did you feel lightheaded prior? 
Patient: Uh yeah I did have some lightheadedness and I was a bit confused. I was aware of my surroundings though. My legs just gave out and the next thing I knew I was on the floor.
Doctor: I see. Did you lose consciousness? 
Patient: No, thank goodness.
Guest_family: He got up by himself and felt fine afterwards. The strangest thing.
Patient: Yeah. I was good until my legs gave out on me July third of O eight. 
Doctor: Did you experience the same lightheadedness as before?
Patient: Not this time.
Guest_family: We had to rush him to the hospital after that.
Patient: I was later diagnosed with pneumonia. The fall was blamed on the pneumonia.
Doctor: Got it.
Patient: To be on the safe side, I started using a walker from then on.
Doctor: Did you need any type of walking assistance prior to your falls?
Patient: Nope. I used to walk about two miles a day before all of this stuff started happening to me. This isn't even the end of it. My legs gave out on me again August O eight. No lightheadedness beforehand, but they did find that I had pneumonia again. 
Guest_family: They admitted him to the hospital and later sent him for rehab.
Doctor: Did rehab help?
Patient: Yeah. I was able to use my walker after that.
Doctor: Did you return to your previous health?
Patient: Uh not really, no. I had another fall in October O eight.
Doctor: Did they diagnose you with pneumonia again?
Patient: Yeah. I also had shingles.
Doctor: Are you currently living at home?
Patient: I'm living in a Chronic Rehab Unit. I can't use my walker anymore. I'm confined to a wheelchair. 
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. 
Patient: On top of that, I've noticed that my hands have been numb for the past three weeks.
Doctor: Is it all of your fingers or only some?
Patient: All.
Doctor: Are you noticing any other symptoms along with the numbness in your fingers?
Patient: Yes. I feel like I've lost quite a bit of muscle in my hands. They're also much weaker than before. My strength hasn't been the same since July O eight. It's definitely getting worse.
Doctor: I see.
Patient: I've had muscle twitching in my legs since August O eight.
Doctor: Fasciculations?
Patient: Yes. In my lower legs and thighs.
Doctor: Any cramping or problems swallowing?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any difficulty breathing?
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Any constipation or diarrhea?
Patient: Both actually. It tends to alternate.
Doctor: But no loss of bowel or bladder control?
Patient: No. I've noticed that my blood pressure has been out of whack. I also feel like I'm about to faint anytime I stand. 
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I don't think I have much feeling in my feet. They feel like sponges.
Doctor: How long has that been going on?
Patient: Uh nine months or so. I lost joint position sense in my feet around that time, too.