Doctor: When was your injury, sir? 
Patient: Um, if I recall, it was on November twentieth two thousand eight. 
Doctor: What do you do for a living, sir? 
Patient: I work at the Purdy Correctional Facility, doctor. 
Doctor: How did you get hurt?
Patient: Well, an inmate broke some of the overhead sprinklers, and I slipped on all the water and I landed on the back of my head, and then onto my back. 
Doctor: Which side took most of the hit? 
Patient: It was mostly on my left side. 
Doctor: How were you after the fall? 
Patient: Well, I was pretty stunned, mostly. I didn't want to come in, but my employers asked me to just to be sure. 
Doctor: Who has evaluated you to date?
Patient: Um, I went to Gig Harbor Urgent Care, and then they sent me to Tacoma General Hospital. At Tacoma they said I have a whiplash and concussion.
Doctor: What did they do at the hospital? 
Patient: Um, they did a C T scan, and they found a dark spot on my brain. 
Doctor: What did they recommend about the spot? 
Patient: They said I should have another M R I and they diagnosed an, um, recurrent acoustic neuroma. 
Doctor: So, you've had this before? How did they know you had it? 
Patient: I used to see a chiropractor, and they suggested that I get a scan and that's how they found it before. 
Doctor: When was this? 
Patient: Um, it was in October of two thousand five. 
Doctor: Did you have surgery on this? 
Patient: Yes, I'm recovering now. 
Doctor: Are they still considering radiation?
Patient: Yes, it's under consideration but there's no final decision yet.
Doctor: Okay, what does the chiropractor do for you?
Patient: You know, the usual, adjustments and massages, stuff like that. 
Doctor: Has there been any improvement? 
Patient: Overall, my spine pain has improved a lot. 
Doctor: That's good. Okay, so after your fall, what other treatments did you have?
Patient: I went to Prompt Care in Bremerton, and saw Doctor X Y Z. She's an osteopathic doctor. 
Doctor: How did she treat you? 
Patient: She ordered an M R I of my neck, I have the report right here. 
Doctor: Okay, this shows some mild disc bulge at C four C five. Did she let you go back to work?
Patient: Yes, she released me back to full duty. I was doing fine after the neurosurgical treatment. 
Doctor: Do you have any other treatment planned?
Patient: Some radiation. 
Doctor: What else has she treated you for?
Patient: Oh, you know, just general aches and pains on my back and neck. I have been seeing her since two thousand and two.