Doctor: Before we begin today, sir, I just need a few pieces of background information. I see here on my chart that you're thirty years old, is that correct? 
Patient: Yes doctor, that's correct. 
Doctor: Okay, and which hand is your dominant hand? 
Patient: I use my right hand for everything. 
Doctor: Now, take me through the timeline of your symptoms, please. When did everything start?
Patient: I was doing well until July of nineteen ninety three. 
Doctor: What were your initial symptoms? 
Patient: I began having weakness in my right arm, and there was some neck pain too. 
Doctor: Okay, when these symptoms began, how did you manage them?
Patient: At first, I went to a chiropractor, but after a while my arm started atrophying, and my right hand felt tight. I couldn't extend all my fingers out. 
Doctor: Once you noticed the atrophy and contractures, that's the tightness you were experiencing, how were you treated? 
Patient: After that, I went to a neurosurgeon close to my house, and he ordered an, um, C T scan of my neck. 
Doctor: Okay, do you have the report of that C T Scan with you today?
Patient: Yes, doctor, I have it right here. They were one on the twenty fifth of September in ninety two.
Doctor: Thank you, okay, this shows an intramedullary lesion at C two three, and an extramedullary lesion at C six seven.  
Patient: That means tumor, right?
Doctor: Yes sir. Did you have neck surgery?
Patient: Yeah, I have the op notes right here. 
Doctor: Okay, just so you know, you had a C six T one laminectomy, and they decompressed the spinal cord. How did you respond to this surgery?
Patient: Well, honestly, I improved for about three months following the operation, but after that I just got worse and worse. 
Doctor: Once your symptoms worsened, what happened? 
Patient: Um, I started having this burning sensation on my left side. 
Doctor: Did you have any weakness, sir?
Patient: Yeah, I had weakness in both my arms.
Doctor: Was one side worse than the other? 
Patient: Yes, my right side was worse than my left. 
Doctor: In addition to the burning and weakness, did you have any other symptoms? 
Patient: Um, I had really bad balance, I felt nauseous, like I was going to throw up at all times, which I did do some, and, um, my heart was beating really fast, and my blood pressure went up really high. 
Doctor: After all these symptoms began, how were you treated? 
Patient: On, um, August thirty first nineteen ninety three I had an M R I of my neck, and I have that report right here, too. 
Doctor: Thank you, this shows diffuse enlargement of the cervical and thoracic spine and multiple enhancing nodules in the posterior fossa.
Patient: Sorry to interrupt, what does all that mean?
Doctor: Well, that's more tumors in the spine. Did you have another surgery for this?
Patient: Yeah, I had brain surgery. I have those notes right here, too. 
Doctor: Okay, so you had a suboccipital craniotomy with tumor excision, decompression, and biopsy. The biopsy showed hemangioblastoma. 
Patient: That's cancer, right? This was all done on September first of nineteen ninety three. 
Doctor: Well no, not exactly, it's a benign tumor. After this surgery how were your symptoms? 
Patient: I felt good, the doctors said I stabilized out. I went through some radiation procedures from September of ninety three to January nineteenth of ninety four. 
Doctor: How have your symptoms progressed since?
Patient: I went to the NeuroOncology clinic on October twenty sixth nineteen ninety five because I was having weakness in both arms and both legs, as well as trouble swallowing food. 
Doctor: How much weakness was there?
Patient: It was so bad I couldn't even put on a shirt, or raise my arms, or even feed myself. 
Doctor: Can you go up and down stairs?
Patient: No, not really, but I can climb them. 
Doctor: How about going to the bathroom, is everything normal there?
Patient: Yeah, no problems there. 
Doctor: Good, and what did the doctor at that clinic recommend?
Patient: They were considering doing chemo.