Doctor: Nurse, did you get the documents from the patient?
Guest_clinician: I did. Here is her full history and notes from her physical examination. She also completed the patient questionnaire before arriving. You can review that. 
Doctor: Thank you, Nurse. What is she here for today?
Guest_clinician: She came in for a consultation because she's been experiencing difficult headaches, tunnel vision, and dizziness. 
Doctor: Sounds good. Was there anything else? 
Guest_clinician: Oh, yeah. These are the results from her tests. She brought them so you could refer to them. 
Doctor: Thank you, Nurse. I'll go see her now. 
Patient: Hello Doctor. I've been waiting a long time. I'm getting impatient as I get older. 
Doctor: What? You don't look old at all, ma'am. 
Patient: Oh, wow. That's a nice compliment for a sixty year old lady. 
Doctor: How can I help you today?
Patient: I have these super bad headaches. Help me, please. 
Doctor: When did they start?
Patient: I had them since I was twenty five years old. 
Doctor: Oh, wow. That long? Did you get them every day since then?
Patient: Not every day. That's crazy. I did get them more when my husband died in nineteen ninety six. I was heartbroken. 
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. How did the headaches feel? 
Patient: It felt like a drum in my head. 
Doctor: I haven't heard that description before. Would you say it was pulsating? 
Patient: Something like that. Yes. 
Doctor: Did you take any medication? 
Patient: Lots of it. My son wrote it on a paper so that I could give you the names. Here you go. 
Doctor: I see you were given papaverine. Did that help? 
Patient: They did. My headaches would vanish. 
Doctor: How long did you take it for? 
Patient: I think six months. My headaches stopped for a while, but they came back in two thousand and four. 
Doctor: How often would you say you get headaches now? 
Patient: I think more than before. Like one to two per week. I also get some dizziness too. It says for two hours. 
Doctor: Do you take the papaverine when you feel it? 
Patient: I do. My headaches vanish after thirty minutes of taking it.  
Doctor: I see. Did you ever experience any problems with your vision too? 
Patient: Yes. A lot. There were zig zag lines coming out of nowhere. I thought I was going to die. 
Doctor: Oh, wow. I will do a test right now to check your vision. 
Patient: Will you use a bright pen? 
Doctor: I will. Does it give you any discomfort? 
Patient: The bright light hurts my eyes. 
Doctor: I see. I'll only do it to the side then. Just look forward for me, please. 
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: Are you able to see the light? 
Patient: What light? 
Doctor: It looks like you have trouble seeing things in your peripheral vision. The discomfort you experience with bright lights is also called photophobia. 
Patient: That sounds scary. Will I be fine? 
Doctor: Yeah. You don't have to worry. Are you experiencing any dizziness or lightheadedness right now? 
Patient: Now that you mentioned it, I am. 
Doctor: Have you ever fainted before? 
Patient: I think one time. My son was there to help. 
Doctor: That's good to hear. I'll write down that you experienced a syncope. Did you take any medication for this?
Patient: I took some Russian medicine.
Doctor: Oh, wow. Are you from Russia? 
Patient: No. I'm from Ukraine. 
Doctor: That's wonderful. How did the medicine help? 
Patient: It helped me a lot.