Doctor: Good afternoon, who's the victim today, sir? Is it you, or your daughter? 
Guest_family: Good afternoon, doctor. It's my daughter today. 
Doctor: Remind me, how old is she? 
Patient: I'm thirteen, sir. 
Doctor: So, what happened? My nurses tell me she fell today.
Patient: Yeah, I fell off the swing at school earlier this afternoon at about one thirty.
Doctor: Where does it hurt, young lady?
Patient: It's really bad here on my left elbow. 
Doctor: Which hand do you write with?
Patient: I use my right hand for everything, thank goodness for that. 
Doctor: Before seeing me, have you seen anyone else?
Guest_family: Yeah, we went to an Urgent Care and she had an x ray there. 
Doctor: What else did they do?
Guest_family: They said her arm was broken, and they tried to do a reduction.
Doctor: Do you have those x rays with you right now?
Guest_family: Yeah, I have them right here, take a look, please. 
Doctor: Well, these x rays show an incarcerated medial epicondyle fracture, as well as a mildly angulated radial shaft break. 
Patient: What does that mean?
Doctor: Well, in short, you broke the inside part of your elbow. In addition to the pain, do you have any burning or tingling feelings in that arm?
Patient: Yes, I do. 
Doctor: Did you have this before they tried to do a reduction?
Patient: No, I didn't, this is new. 
Doctor: Is this feeling getting worse? 
Patient: Yes, it is. 
Doctor: Okay, guys, there is a lot of pressure on that ulnar nerve because of the break and the attempted reduction. 
Guest_family: What should we do?
Doctor: We need to do an O R I F procedure A S A P. I'll reduce that radial shaft fracture at the same time.
Guest_family: O R I F? What's that
Doctor: I'll put some pins in the elbow, in order to stabilize the break, and we can start the healing process. 
Guest_family: Will this not heal on its own? 
Doctor: No, we need to do the surgery. 
Guest_family: Okay, what are the risks of infection with the surgery? 
Doctor: Historically, its less than one percent. 
Guest_family: How is this possible?
Doctor: We use prophylactic antibiotics, this helps us control for infection the entire time. 
Guest_family: Will she be asleep for this?
Doctor: Yes, she won't feel a thing. 
Guest_family: Will she need this hardware taken out in the future?
Doctor: Yes, in about a year or two, after everything is healed up nicely. The other risks include bleeding, changes in sensation and motion of the extremity, and hardware failure. I see good results from my surgeries so I would not worry about these things, but I must disclose.
Guest_family: Okay, yes, we'd like to do the surgery.