Doctor: Good afternoon, sir. Is this your mother? 
Patient: Good afternoon, doctor. Yes, this is my mom. 
Doctor: Great, please, give me some background information on your history. 
Patient: Well, I used to live here in the city when I went to college, but I wanted to get away from a bad crowd, so I came back to live with my mom. 
Doctor: What do you mean, bad crowd? 
Patient: Well, I got addicted to drugs out there, and I used to inject heroin. 
Doctor: Did you see a doctor for this addiction? 
Patient: Yeah, I saw another doctor in the city. 
Doctor: How did they treat you at that time? 
Patient: They prescribed me methadone for a while. 
Doctor: Did that help at all?
Patient: Honestly, no, it didn't help at all. 
Doctor: Do you remember the dosage that you were given? 
Patient: Um, it was ten M G. 
Doctor: How long did you take methadone for? 
Patient: Um, it was for three or four months. 
Doctor: Did you ever try to decrease your dosage? 
Patient: Yeah, um, I tried to wean off it for a while, but I was never really successful. 
Doctor: Have you been using heroin since? 
Patient: Um, yeah, I've been using it occasionally. 
Doctor: Were you roommates at school using drugs? 
Patient: Yeah, so it's hard to get away from the stuff, it was all over the house. 
Guest_family: Well, he can now, especially because he lives with me. 
Doctor: Good, when was the last time you used heroin? 
Patient: Um, it's been about eight days now. 
Doctor: Good, congratulations. When was the last time you had methadone? 
Patient: Um, it's been about a week for that now, too. Am I able to get more today?
Doctor: We can discuss that. Have you had any feelings of depression recently? 
Patient: Yeah, I feel down and sad a lot. 
Doctor: What about your energy? 
Patient: I really don't have much. 
Doctor: What about your enthusiasm for the foods or activities you enjoy? 
Guest_family: He hasn't had much enthusiasm for anything, either. 
Doctor: Are you having any suicidal or homicidal thoughts or actions at this time?
Guest_family: No, nothing like that, doctor. 
Doctor: Good, what about delusions, hallucinations, or disorganized thoughts or behaviors? 
Patient: No, nothing like that either, doctor. 
Doctor: Do you have any medical conditions in the past that I should know about? 
Patient: No, not that I know of. 
Guest_family: No, he hasn't been treated for anything before, doctor. 
Doctor: You completed your family and social history earlier with the nurses, is there anything you want to add to that? 
Patient: No, everything there is complete. 
Doctor: Do you have any allergies? 
Patient: No, I don't have any. 
Doctor: Good, and do you take any medications right now? 
Patient: No, doctor. I don't take anything. 
Doctor: Have you had any surgeries in the past?
Patient: I voluntarily donated my left kidney.