Doctor: Welcome to the clinic.
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: Are you from the area? 
Patient: No. I was born and raised in North Carolina. I am the sixth of nine siblings. 
Doctor: Tell me about you family medical history. 
Patient: My family has significant amount of diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, thyroid problems, autoimmune disease, possible multiple sclerosis, and depression issues. 
Doctor: That is a lot. What is your medical history involving your parents? 
Patient: My dad died due to complications of his diabetes.  He passed when he was sixty. My dad was a chef. My mom is doing well. She is ninety three. Both my parents never finished high school. My dad had a third grade education and my mom made it through fourth grade. She was a janitor. She was a smart woman she just never finished her schooling. My parents encouraged me to finish school and to go to college. I got my Bachelor of Science in Nursing at the State University in nineteen seventy nine. 
Doctor: Did you have any problems in school such as learning disabilities, attentional problems, difficulty learning to read, failed grades, special help in school or behavioral problems?
Patient: No. I mostly got A's and B's.  My strongest subject was math, but my worst subject was spelling. My grades were still quite good in spelling, but I had to work hard at it.   
Doctor: Are you married? 
Patient: I was married for two years. We had two children together. They are forty three and thirty now. My son is the youngest, lives nearby and calls me or stops by every day. My daughter calls me often but she lives in New York. We are close. Their dad, my exhusband passed away in nineteen eighty. He was an alcoholic. His pancreas had enough and shut down. 
Doctor: I am so sorry. 
Patient: He did it to himself.
Doctor: Are you working in health care with your nursing degree? 
Patient:  I worked for Hospital Center for four years. Prior to that, I worked for an outpatient mental health center. I was there for about two and a years. I was fired or laid off I guess? I was not sure why they let me go. I was given no explanation. And before that, I worked for Walter P. Carter Center for twenty one years. I also worked as an O B nurse.  Other than the two instances, I had never been fired or let go from a job.  
Doctor: What do you do in your spare time now? 
Patient: I enjoy reading, doing puzzles, playing computer games. I joined a women's support group for women my age. I keep myself, busy.