Doctor: Welcome back. 
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: You are back for a follow up on your right arm pain, right? 
Patient: Yes. It has been almost a year since the pain first started. 
Doctor: How has your arm been feeling? 
Patient: I still have this dull pain in my upper outer area of my arm. 
Doctor: How long does the pain last? 
Patient: It was coming and going, but now the pain is more persistent since I last saw you. It is still happening every day. 
Doctor: Remind me again. You are right handed. Right? 
Patient: Yeah. It makes is hard to do things with the persistent pain. 
Doctor: I bet it does. Are you experiencing any numbness or tingling sensation in your arm or hand? 
Patient: No, but I have had this achy sensation in my hand radiating down to my fingers. 
Doctor: Do you have a history of any other neck or shoulder injuries? 
Patient: It is not from a specific injury but I have had this neck pain for thirty years. 
Doctor: Did you see anyone for the neck pain? 
Patient: Yes. I saw someone for it in two thousand and six, and then I developed this ear pain. They could not figure out what was going on so eventually I was sent to have an M R I of my neck and upper spine, which showed some degenerative changes. Then I was referred to Doctor X who was treating me for neck pain.  He gave me steroid injections. 
Doctor: Are you still seeing Doctor X for the epidural injections? 
Patient: Yes. I have been seeing him since two thousand and seven. 
Doctor: How old are you?
Patient: I am fifty eight. 
Doctor: Are you experiencing any symptoms from receiving the injections? 
Patient: Those are for neck pain. My arm pain recent. I have been having the injections for a while now, without any trouble. 
Doctor: What medications have you been taking for the pain? 
Patient: There are a few of them that I take. I gave the list to the nurse. 
Doctor: Okay. 
Patient: I also have taken several Medrol packs. They make my blood sugars to increase so I try not to take it. 
Doctor: Okay. Does the pain prevent you from doing your daily activities or decrease your quality of life? 
Patient: No. I can do everything like normal, but constant nagging pain does get to me at times.