Doctor: I would like to get a detailed history of your inperforated anus and the curvature of the penis. It is a genetic condition. And do you know if you had surgery soon after birth? 
Patient: Yeah, my mother said that I had to have surgery after she gave birth to me. 
Doctor: Do you know all the surgeries that you have had for this? 
Patient: I don't know if I have all of them written down, but I do have most of them here. 
Doctor: Oh, good you have a list. 
Patient: Yeah. I was hospitalized in nineteen seventy for a U T I. That is when the problems started happening. It was a really bad infection. 
Doctor: Okay. 
Patient: In nineteen eighty eight I the tissue removed from the anus. There was a blockage. They also did an operation in the shaft of the penis too. 
Doctor: I bet things improved after that surgery. 
Patient: It did. I have here in January of nineteen ninety one I had a cystoscopy to remove a blockage. 
Doctor: Um hum. 
Patient: In two thousand and one I had a colonoscopy that was normal. Later that year I had a biopsy of my prostate. 
Doctor: What did the biopsy show? 
Patient: They said I had severe inflammation in the prostate. I was never told that cause of the inflammation. 
Doctor: Okay. Any other surgeries for your condition?
Patient: Oh yeah. I had that same procedure done again when I was twenty seven and twenty eight. The same one that I had as a newborn. I had a third surgery when I was seventy with just a correction of the shaft area.  
Doctor: Um hum. Any other surgeries unrelated to your condition? 
Patient: Yeah. I have it written down here. In two thousand and one there was a left rotator cuff repair with acromioplasty and distal clavicle resection and in two thousand and three I had a left inguinal hernia repair with M E S H. That is what my notes say. 
Doctor: Have you ever had any complications during any of your surgeries? 
Patient: Yeah, I did. I have a blood clot that apparently went into my lungs. I was very scary. 
Doctor: That is very scary.