Doctor: I will ask some simple questions, okay?
Patient: Hm
Doctor: How old are you and how would you define yourself in terms of ethnicity?
Patient: Well, I am forty seven and would proudly call myself as Latin American. 
Doctor: Great. What brings you to the emergency room? 
Patient: I had a blood test before and then it came out to be high potassium. I also went to a regular clinic the other day as I was feeling very weak and extremely tired.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: My potassium came out to be seven and it was highlighted in red. That really scared me, so I wanted to know everything what's going on inside me. I told the emergency doctors too that all these weakness and tiredness is going on for more than half a year. 
Doctor: Did you noticed any other symptoms other than weakness? 
Patient: Yes, there was the fever and chills. I was sweating a lot in the nights, and I also had weight loss of around twenty pounds. During that time, I sometimes have nausea and was throwing up a lot. I was not eating. I always felt dizzy every time I tried to stand. 
Doctor: Did you have wet cough?
Patient: No, not wet cough but I did notice back pain gets intense on the upper side whenever I coughed, like in my ribs. I normally massage that area and it gets better. 
Doctor: Any shortness of breath? 
Patient: Nope. 
Doctor: How about while sleeping or doing something else?
Patient: Not while sleeping, but I did notice that if I'm walking for two to three blocks then I get out of breath easily. Previously it was not like this. I used to jog for two to three miles without even a single breath loss.
Patient: I noticed one more thing. I feel like my balls on one side are getting big. 
Doctor: Which side left or right?
Patient: I think its left. 
Doctor: For how long?
Patient: I guess over the past year. I did see someone when all of this started, and he put me on some antibiotics, but nothing changed. For last few months there is yellow fluid coming out of it too. 
Doctor: Did you ever get any type of injury in the area?
Patient: No. 
Doctor: What about your bowel movements?
Patient: Nope everything is as usual. 
Doctor: Any change in urinary habits?
Patient: Nope.
Doctor: Any changes in your skin? Any rash? Any kind of eyesight issue?
Patient: Nope, no changes.
Doctor: What about pain? Like headache or any joint pain? 
Patient: Nope, no pain anywhere.