Doctor: Welcome to the clinic, Miss A. 
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: Let's start with your medical history. What medical conditions do you have? 
Patient: Okay. I have high blood pressure, asthma and sleep apnea. I had blood clots in my left leg about six months ago. I also have cancer. 
Doctor: What kind of cancer do you have? 
Patient: I have stomach cancer. They also did a total abdominal hysterectomy. 
Doctor: Did they put you on an anticoagulant medication for the blood clotting? 
Patient: Yes. I took it for six months. I stopped taking it and then I had the stroke. 
Doctor: Have you had any other surgeries? 
Patient: Yes. I had a colonic resection to remove benign polyps. I had another benign lump removed from my breast.  
Doctor: How are you feeling today? 
Patient: I am still having weakness in my left leg. That is why I still have to us my walker, but I have been able to get around easier. 
Doctor: Have you been experiencing any daytime fatigue? 
Patient: No. I have been falling asleep at work. I think it is from looking at my computer screen all day. My supervisor caught me snoring one day and forgot where I was at. My supervisor offered to give me a coffee. This has happened more than once. 
Doctor: This could be due to your sleep apnea. Who is treating you for your sleep apnea? 
Patient: Doctor X did a consult and had me do one of those sleep test about two years ago. I only get sleepy when I look at my computer screen. 
Doctor: Did Doctor X recommend a C P A P machine to use at night? 
Patient: Yes, but I never used to use it. I had another follow up visit with her and she told me that I need to use it every night. I have been using it every other night. 
Doctor: How much uninterrupted sleep do you think that you get per night? 
Patient: Maybe two to five hours, on a good night. 
Doctor: That is not enough sleep. No wonder you are falling asleep at work. I recommend following up again with Doctor X regarding your sleep apnea. You are at a much higher risk for obesity and high cholesterol if you continue to not address the issues you have been having with the lack of sleep and sleep apnea. 
Patient: Okay. I will make a follow up visit with her.