Doctor: Hello there, how are you doing? 
Patient: Sorry, I'm just not feeling well. Something is wrong. 
Doctor: Don't worry, I will check you up. We will figure it out. Do you remember when you had your last physical? 
Patient: It was sometime in early May in two thousand and eight. 
Doctor: Okay, I'm going through your chart. It looks like you have not been feeling well for about two weeks now. 
Patient: That's right. 
Doctor: Tell me what is happening exactly. 
Patient: In the beginning I was thinking that it was just the stress and anxiety, but then I become worried that it might be something really different or something bad.
Doctor: What are you experiencing exactly? What are your symptoms? 
Patient: It started with a lot of palpitations at first. My heart was beating so fast it looks like it was ready to go out. I was having this fluttering feeling in my chest. 
Doctor: Were you feeling tired or fatigued? 
Patient: Yes, very much for the last two weeks. I am worried it's my job. It is really getting to me. 
Doctor: What else are you feeling? 
Patient: Feeling very nervous an anxious actually. 
Doctor: Have you noticed anything that you are doing or anything else that kind of increasing these symptoms? 
Patient: Oh yeah, whenever I'm stressed. I feel like I have more palpitations and to the level that it causes a lot of chest pain. 
Doctor: Is it the same when you are doing a lot of physical stuff like physical activities or something like that? 
Patient: Nope. Haven't noticed it with the exertion part. 
Doctor: Do you have any history of any heart issues in the past? 
Patient: I had the same kind of symptoms like nine or ten years ago. 
Doctor: Okay. What did you do that time? How did you recover? 
Patient: Well, at that time a full work up was done but everything came out to be negative, so they just gave me something for my nerves. It kind of helped. 
Doctor: Do you remember what they gave you? Like name or anything of the medicine. 
Patient: No. It was many years ago, I don't remember. 
Doctor: Anything else going on? 
Patient: Yeah, for the last three days and I am having these tummy issues. I'm having on and off nausea and also, my stools are coming loose. 
Doctor: Have you seen any color change in your bowel movements? 
Patient: Yeah, it's been some really funny green color. I don't know what's going on inside. 
Doctor: Have you ever noticed blood in the stools? 
Patient: Nope. 
Doctor: Is there any pain in your tummy? 
Patient: Nope, it's just some nausea. 
Doctor: How's your appetite? 
Patient: Not as good as before. 
Doctor: Do you smoke? 
Patient: I never did.