Doctor: Good afternoon, sir. 
Patient: Good afternoon, doctor.
Doctor: Refresh my memory, please, how old are you, sir?
Patient: I'm forty nine. 
Doctor: Also, I need you to remind me, when was your lower back surgery?
Patient: It was in January of two thousand five. What was the name of the surgery, again?
Doctor: It was a lumbar disc replacement. So, how are you feeling today? 
Patient: Truthfully doctor, the surgery did nothing. I'm still in a lot of pain. 
Doctor: Besides the surgery, what other interventions have you tried?
Patient: I have them written down, let me look. Um, I did acupuncture, T E N S unit at P T, and I've been to the chiropractor too. 
Doctor: Have you taken any medicines? 
Patient: Yeah, I have those written down here. I've taken Elavil, Topamax, Cymbalta, Neurontin, and Lexapro.
Doctor: Are you still taking any of these? 
Patient: No, I had bad side effects to some, and the others just didn't do anything. 
Doctor: Have you had any injections for this pain?
Patient: I've had a few into the, um, piriformis. 
Doctor: Did that do anything?
Patient: Um, it provided some brief relief, I guess. I had a Botox procedure done on March eighth two thousand six. 
Doctor: How did this work? 
Patient: Honestly, it did nothing. 
Doctor: Where is your pain, exactly?
Patient: I'd say its seventy five percent in my butt and leg, and twenty five percent in my lower back. 
Doctor: Are you able to workout, or exercise, anything like that? 
Patient: I've tried to increase how much I walk, but when I do I get spasms in my lower back. 
Doctor: I see, with ten being the worst pain of all time, how would you rate your pain today?
Patient: I'd say it's a six out of ten today. 
Doctor: What adjectives would you use to describe the pain?
Patient: Um, I'd say its shooting, sharp, and, um, aching.
Doctor: Specifically, what activities make the pain worse? 
Patient: Well, lifting, standing for a long time, or, um, squatting. I can't do that anymore.
Doctor: Does anything make the pain better? 
Patient: Um, sitting back, ice, and I guess there's some improvement with the pain medication. 
Doctor: Is the pain constant, or does it come and go?
Patient: It's constant now, but, um, the intensity of it comes and goes. 
Doctor: Are you able to sleep at night?
Patient: Not really, it is affecting my sleep, which in turn affects my mood. 
Doctor: So, overall, I can summarize and say you're not happy with your pain relief so far?
Patient: Yes, doctor, that's correct.