Doctor: Hello, sir. Looks like we are here for a general wellness check?
Patient: Yes, sir. In my seventy eight years on this Earth, I have learned to take my health more seriously. I need to start catching things before they come, not after. 
Doctor: I could not agree more. From your last checkup notes, it looks like you had right knee surgery and back surgery about eighteen months ago. How is that going? Any pain?
Patient: Yes, I had a right knee replacement. I am doing great so far. Nothing to complain about. I can do almost anything I desire now. It is such a good lifestyle change from before surgery. 
Doctor: What do you do with your new body?
Patient: I travel every chance I get. I just got back from a cruise. 
Doctor: I hope to be as agile as you when I get to retirement. Now let's check the other systems. Do you feel any type of chest pain? Any heaviness, tightness or pressure?
Patient: No, nothing like that.
Doctor: How about shortness of breath?
Patient: I only get short of breath when I walk up the stairs. 
Doctor: That is decently normal. I get out of breath when walking from floor to floor in this hospital too. 
Patient: I thought so. I remember being young and still struggling with stairs. 
Doctor: Unfortunately, some things are just with us for life. Do you have any coughing fits or irregular heart beating?
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Great! You are getting a clean bill of health from me today. On the notes it says you have Crohn's disease. Are you getting regularly checked for that?
Patient: Yes. Doctor Ferguson takes care of me for that. 
Doctor: Excellent. Are you scheduled for a prostate check?
Patient: Yes, I go to Doctor Roszhart. 
Doctor: You are wonderfully on top of it. What a breath of fresh air. From all of your travelling, how are your ankles? Have you noticed any swelling?
Patient: Surprisingly, from all the walking I do, I do not have any swelling. After quitting smoking ten years ago I had to get addicted to something else and that was walking and travelling.