Doctor: Hello Miss Lee how are you? 
Patient: I am okay, my arms are troubling me so much. 
Doctor: Yeah, I know it's been a longstanding pain in both your arms. 
Patient: Yeah, and hands too
Doctor: Can you pinpoint where exactly is the pain? 
Patient: Yeah, it's right here in the middle part of arm and my palm. 
Doctor: Okay so mostly in the medial part. Tell me do you feel any weakness?
Patient: No, but I do feel this tingling sensation kind of like numbness in my left hand, and it gets worse at night after doing repetitive work.
Doctor: Are you left handed? 
Patient: No, I'm right handed
Doctor: Hm, any neck pain?
Patient: Not really, nothing substantial. 
Doctor: Can you please tell me your age again?
Patient: I am fifty two.
Doctor: Did you ever have these kind of signs and symptoms in the past?
Patient: Nope!
Doctor: Okay and are you taking anything for pain?
Patient: Ah yes, I am taking Lyrica.
Doctor: Lyrica okay and is it helping?
Patient: Yes, somewhat. 
Doctor: Any problem in walking or change in how you walk? 
Patient: No.
Doctor: And you are having regular bowel movements any changes?
Patient: Yes, no changes. 
Doctor: How about urine, any burning or difficulty peeing?
Patient: No, it's all fine. 
Doctor: Okay good. So, the neurological exam we did earlier, I have the results for it. 
Patient: And?
Doctor: Well, you were tested positive for Phalen's test on your left hand.
Patient: What does that means?
Doctor: It means that you have something called Carpal tunnel syndrome, which explains your numbness and tingling sensation in your left hand. It also explains your pain in the middle part of your hand as it's caused due to pinching or compression of a nerve called median nerve. 
Patient: Oh, how did that happen?
Doctor: Well, it's possible that your repetitive hand motion could have caused it or sometimes it's just the anatomy of your wrist. 
Patient: Oh, that explains my increased pain in the night after work. 
Doctor: Yeah. 
Patient: Anything else came in the neuro test? 
Doctor: No, rest of your neurological exam was normal. 
Patient: Okay. I am worried now. 
Doctor: Don't worry we are here. 
Patient: Thank you!