Doctor: Hello, sir how can I help you? Looks like we are talking about snoring today.
Patient: Yeah, I need to get this loud and obnoxious snoring under control. I keep waking up my partner. I have a C P A P right now because I was told I have almost severe sleep apnea.  
Doctor: Yes, I see on your chart that you were given ten centimeters of H two O nasal pressure and that you predominately suffer from hypopnea. Hypopnea is shallow breathing. How has the device been working?
Patient: It definitely has reduced my snoring, but my partner keeps waking me up in the middle of the night because the mask pops off. I wear it around five to seven nights a week, but for some reason it falls off or I take it off randomly in the night. My wife usually must remind me to put it back on. 
Doctor: So what is your sleep pattern now? When do you usually go to bed and wake up?
Patient: Usually I sleep around eleven or eleven thirty and wake up at six or seven on the weekends. I'll sleep in until eight or nine on the weekdays. On Saturday's I might go to sleep around midnight because I usually watch a show with my family. I feel good when I wake up though. Much less tossing and turning. The sheets are always on the bed still. 
Doctor: That's some good news. I see you have lost a bit of weight too. Around fifteen to eighteen pounds is something to be proud of. 
Patient: Thanks. It has been a lot of exercising and dieting. I am motivated because I want to stop snoring. 
Doctor: How has work been? Do you think it has been stressful at all?
Patient: I still work at Smith Barney in downtown Baltimore. I work from around eight or eight thirty to five or five thirty. I deal with training on how to sell managed funds and accounts. I do not think I have been stressed because I am able to stay awake through my shift and even when I come home at night. I may get a little tired during hay fever season, but that is rare. 
Doctor: Yes, I see that you have hay fever. Fatigue is a common symptom from the allergy.