Doctor: Good morning, sir. Can you confirm your age for me, please? 
Patient: Good morning, doctor. I'm fifty nine years old. 
Doctor: Great, and which hand is your dominant hand? 
Patient: Um, I use my right hand for everything. 
Doctor: Great, thank you. So, what seems to be the problem today? 
Patient: I have had this weird feeling in both of my legs for about three weeks now. 
Doctor: Have you been treated for this so far? 
Patient: Um, I went to the E R about a week ago. 
Doctor: What did they tell you there?
Patient: They said I had progressive sensory and motor deficits in both legs. 
Doctor: Can you describe your symptoms for me, please? 
Patient: Um, I have numbness, like here starting at my trunk, and then over the last month or so, it moved into my legs. 
Doctor: I'm going to apply some pressure right here at the nipple line, can you feel that? 
Patient: No, I'm numb from there down. 
Doctor: Have you had any weakness in your legs? 
Patient: Yeah, I have for the last week or so. 
Doctor: Is it getting worse? 
Patient: Yes, it is. 
Doctor: When did you start using the cane? 
Patient: Um, about five days ago, now. 
Doctor: Why did you begin using it? 
Patient: I'm having trouble walking and going up and down stairs. 
Doctor: Are you able to stand without it?
Patient: No, I'm not. 
Doctor: Have you had any loss of bowel or bladder control? 
Patient: No, thankfully not, but at the same time I haven't had a bowel movement in about three days. 
Doctor: When was the last time you urinated? 
Patient: It was about twenty four hours ago. 
Doctor: In addition to the numbness, how else would you describe your leg symptoms? 
Patient: Um, I'd say it feels cold, at least I've felt that for the last day or so.
Doctor: Do you have any back or neck pain? 
Patient: No, nothing there. 
Doctor: Do you have any shortness of breath? 
Patient: Well, I've had it chronically for a while now, but I think it's getting worse. 
Doctor: Have you had any lightheadedness or feelings of faint? 
Patient: Um, yeah, when I try to stand up. 
Doctor: How long have you had that feeling? 
Patient: I've had it for about two days now.