Doctor: Hello, sir. How are you today? Can you confirm your age?
Patient: Fifty eight. I feel like my balance is off, and I've been feeling tired and weak. 
Doctor: How long have you been experiencing this? 
Patient: It's been going on for six to eight weeks. 
Doctor: I see. Did you feel any other symptoms? 
Patient: I haven't, but this might not be related. I had pneumonia ten days before this all started. 
Doctor: Interesting. Did you take any medication for that? 
Patient: I did, but I don't know how to pronounce it. I wrote it down for you to read. Here it is. 
Doctor: Let me take a look. I see you took a full course of amoxicillin, right? 
Patient: Yeah, that's right. 
Doctor: How did you feel after you finished the antibiotics? 
Patient: Terrible. I felt like I couldn't control my body. My balance got even worse, and I felt even more tired and weak.
Doctor: Oh, wow. Do you know why your balance and coordination worsened? 
Patient: I did fall recently, but I know for a fact my balance was off before my fall. 
Doctor: How high were you when you fell?
Patient: I think I was three or five feet high when I fell. 
Doctor: Did you fall on your back?
Patient: No, I fell on my feet. Just kidding, I fell on my back.  
Doctor: Funny. Did anything hurt after your fall?
Patient: Not really, but I've been having some back pain in my lower and mid back. 
Doctor: Did you always have that pain? 
Patient: No, I haven't. It comes and goes. 
Doctor: Have you done anything to treat it? 
Patient: I started to see a chiropractor like five days ago. He adjusts my neck and lower back. 
Doctor: I see. Did you start having problems with your balance after this? 
Patient: No. I was still having problems with that before I saw the chiropractor. 
Doctor: Okay. So, it wasn't the result of the adjustments. Is there anything else that may have caused it? 
Patient: I was taking this other medicine for ten days, but I don't remember what it was for. Here is the name of the medication. I wrote it on another paper. 
Doctor: It looks like you took Cipro. This is usually used to treat a U T I. Were you aware you had a U T I?
Patient: Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. I thought I had one, so I went to another doctor to get some medication. 
Doctor: I see. I have one more question. Do you have any trouble controlling your bowel movements or attempting to go to the bathroom? 
Patient: Nope. I feel like I'm able to go to the bathroom whenever I want.