Doctor: Welcome to the clinic. 
Patient: Thank you. It is nice to meet you.
Doctor: It is nice to meet you to. I hear an accent. Where are you from? 
Patient: I am from Denmark. I speak Danish as my first language. Me and my husband have been in the States for many many years. When we first got here, we did not speak a word of English. 
Doctor: Wow! Your English is excellent now. 
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: How old are you? 
Patient: I just turned seventy four last month. 
Doctor: Happy birthday! 
Patient: Thank you. 
Doctor: So, your primary care physician sent you here for possible hydrocephalus. 
Patient: Is that the water on brain thing? 
Doctor: Yes. 
Patient: Then, yes. 
Doctor: Can you tell me about the symptoms that you have been having. 
Patient: I think I have been walking funny lately. I have also been losing my balance.
Doctor: How do you know that you have been walking funny? 
Patient: My husband noticed that I have been walking funny. He noticed it about over six months ago or so. 
Doctor: What do you notice about the way your wife's walk that has changed?
Guest_family: She walks wider then she used to, and I noticed that she stooped over. She walks much slower than she did before. She is often losing her balance. I have noticed her touching the walls and furniture to stabilize herself. 
Doctor: Okay. Have you noticed her stabilizing herself all of a sudden? 
Guest_family: No. It has been happening more and more over the last six months or so. 
Doctor: What else have you noticed about the way she walks? 
Guest_family: I noticed that she is having trouble stepping up onto things like a scale. She seems very unbalanced. She also seems to take her time as she walks. She can't be hurried. 
Doctor: That is good that you are taking your time. Do you use any devices to assist you to get around? Like a cane or a walker? 
Patient: No. 
Guest_family: I must help her get in and out of the car. Not every time but sometimes. I am very concerned because she has been falling more and more recently.
Patient: I have had one emergency room visit. 
Doctor: What happened that you had to go to the emergency room? 
Patient: I fell. I was walking to the bedroom. I lost my balance so I put my hand out to brace myself against the wall and my hand slipped. I fell on my wrist. 
Guest_family: She broke her wrist.
Doctor: When did this fall happen?
Patient: March two thousand and seven.
Guest_family: She has fallen a few times since she broke her wrist. It makes me so nervous. 
Doctor: I can see why that would make you nervous. Have you had any headaches? 
Patient: No. I never get headaches.
Doctor: Aren't you lucky. 
Patient: Yes, I guess so. 
Doctor: Have you had any problems with your memory or cognitive abilities? 
Patient: I am still able to pay the bills on time. I don't feel as smart as I used to be.  I do feel like my thinking has slowed down over the last few months. 
Doctor: What is your perspective on her memory and her cognitive abilities? 
Guest_family: I have noticed some changes. She will occasionally start a sentence and then not know what words to use to finish the sentence. 
Doctor: Has she ever had trouble finishing a sentence the in the past? 
Guest_family: No, she has always been very well spoken never has lost thoughts. 
Doctor: Have you had any fainting or vertigo episodes? 
Patient: I have not fainted. I have had some dizzy spells in the past but not recently. 
Doctor: Have you had and problems with your bowel movements? 
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Any bladder issues or frequent urination? 
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Okey. Let us do some an exam. 
Patient: Okey.