Doctor: Good afternoon, sir. 
Patient: Good afternoon, doctor. 
Doctor: You're forty four, correct? 
Patient: Yes sir. 
Doctor: Great, what seems to be the problem today, sir? 
Patient: Well, doctor, I've had lower back pain for a while now. 
Doctor: Does the pain go into your legs? 
Patient: Yeah, I have pain in my right thigh too. 
Doctor: Is there an injury associated with this pain? 
Patient: Yes, I had an incident back in nineteen ninety four. 
Doctor: Do you have any paperwork or medical records from the initial injury? 
Patient: No sir, I don't have those today. 
Doctor: What do you do for a living, sir? 
Patient: Right now, I work at Taco Bell. I have a workers comp claim open.
Doctor: Your pain came back while working there, correct? 
Patient: Yes, that's correct. 
Doctor: Do you remember when your last appointment here was? 
Patient: Um, yes, it was on April twelfth two thousand five. 
Doctor: With ten being the worst pain imaginable, what was your pain out of ten at your last visit? 
Patient: Um, I'd say it was an eight out of ten. 
Doctor: Have you taken any medicine for this? 
Patient: Um, I had a Medrol Dosepak prescribed at my last visit. 
Doctor: How did your pain respond to the Dosepak? 
Patient: It took it down to about a four or five out of ten. 
Doctor: Can you point to me where the pain is, sir? 
Patient: Yes, it's right here. 
Doctor: This band right here? 
Patient: Yeah, that's the spot. 
Doctor: Okay, this is between your L four and sacrum. How would you describe your right leg pain?
Patient: I'd say it's intermittent and minimal now, it's not always there. 
Doctor: Have you ever had back surgery? 
Patient: Um, yes, I've had two laminectomies, one in nineteen ninety and the other was in ninety four. Wait, I also had a discectomy some time in between. 
Doctor: Do you know where the focus was?
Patient: It was at L four L 5. 
Doctor: Have you had any imaging done on the lower back? 
Patient: Yes, I had an M R I on October eighteenth two thousand four. I have the report right here. 
Doctor: Okay, this shows multi level degenerative changes, with facet involvement at L two L three, L three L four, and L five S1, with no neural impingement, which is good. 
Patient: What does that mean, doctor? 
Doctor: In summary, you have a significant amount of arthritis in the back. 
Patient: Oh yeah, I had an M R myelogram as well, here's the report. 
Doctor: Okay, this shows severe spinal stenosis at L three L four, but it may have been artifact. 
Patient: What does that mean? 
Doctor: This finding may be a misinterpretation.