Doctor: Hello, miss. Before we begin your physical, could you verify your age and ethnicity for me, please? 
Patient: I'm forty two years old and identify as white. 
Doctor: Thank you. I also see that you're here for a follow up for your asthma, correct? How is your asthma? 
Patient: That's right. Oh, man. My asthma has been getting worse over the last three months. My allergies are also acting up again. 
Doctor: Oh, no. Has anything changed that may have made your allergies worse? 
Patient: Well, my husband has been hauling more corn in since it's busy season. I think that might have made it worse. 
Doctor: Are you taking any medications to alleviate your asthma and allergies? 
Patient: I'm using my inhaler every day for my asthma. Here are the other medications and treatments I've been using. I know I wouldn't have remembered, so I put them on a paper for you to see. 
Doctor: Let me take a look. I see you have been taking Allegra for your allergies. Has that been helping? 
Patient: Eh. It kind of helps when I do take it. 
Doctor: You don't take it every day then? 
Patient: Nope. Only when I feel like I need to. 
Doctor: I see. What about the Flonase? Has that been helping? 
Patient: I'm not taking that right now, but it helped me in the past. 
Doctor: I also see you took Advair in the past, correct? Do you still take it? 
Patient: I did, but I stopped taking it because it started to annoy my private area. 
Doctor: I understand. Speaking more on this. Let's begin your physical. Do you have anything you'd like to add that you're starting to notice more? 
Patient: Oh, yeah. I feel like I'm easily annoyed right before my period. It could also be my husband, but he likes to say it's because I'm about to start my period. 
Doctor: I see. Do you see any other increased symptoms right before your menstrual cycle? 
Patient: Yeah. I feel like I've seen an increase in all the signs before my period. I'm also getting more impatient around that time, but when I'm not on my period, I feel like my mood is better. 
Doctor: When do you see your mood change? 
Patient: My husband says it's bad the week before I start my period, but I think it gets better a day after I start. 
Doctor: Have you seen any bleeding during your cycle? 
Patient: Not as much anymore. Just some spots here and there. 
Doctor: I see. What about hot flashes or night sweats? 
Patient: Nope. I feel fine most of the time. 
Doctor: That's good. I'm looking at your chart right now and it says you showed a U T I present, correct? Your test showed blood in your urine.
Patient: Yeah, that's correct. 
Doctor: Has your urine been checked since then? 
Patient: Nope. 
Doctor: I see. I'll order another urine test along with additional lab tests so that we can complete your physical.
Patient: I actually just had some lab work done because it was required for a life insurance application. Crazy, right? Here's the form with all the details for the lab work.
Doctor: Oh, perfect. I see they looked at your cholesterol and other areas. Could you send that to me when you get the results? 
Patient: Of course. I'll get that sent to you A S A P.