Doctor: Nurse, do you have a report on my patient? 
Guest_clinician: I do. She has a two year history of small cell lung cancer, which spread to both femurs, lower lumbar spine, and pelvis. 
Doctor: Oh, no. Did she get chemotherapy? 
Guest_clinician: She's had chemotherapy and radiation treatments multiple times. She can't remember how many times she had those treatments because she lost track. She also said she finished a series of ten radiation treatments for pain relief. 
Doctor: How are her symptoms now? 
Guest_clinician: She's currently having severe pain. 
Doctor: I see. Does she have any imaging done? 
Guest_clinician: She does. A C T scan was done to check for metastasis. 
Doctor: Thank you, Nurse. I'll go see her now. 
Guest_clinican: No problem. 
Doctor: Hello, ma'am. What is the reason for your visit today?
Patient: I wanted to see if I could get some treatment for my pain. 
Doctor: What kind of pain are you having? 
Patient: I feel like it's a burning feeling? I don't know. I can feel it one spot and then it spreads down. 
Doctor: I see. Where do you feel the pain? 
Patient: I feel it mostly on my lower right side of my back. 
Doctor: Do you feel it anywhere else? 
Patient: The back of my right leg and knee. 
Doctor: Would you said the pain radiates down from your back to your knee? 
Patient: That's it. Radiating. I forgot the word. 
Doctor: No problem. On a scale from zero to ten, with zero being no pain and ten being the worst pain of your life, how would you rate your back and leg? 
Patient: They're both a ten. 
Doctor: Oh, wow. Do you feel pain anywhere else? 
Patient: Yes. Could you check my feet? 
Doctor: Let me check them. I'll feel around your left foot. Let me know what you feel. 
Patient: I feel like the bottom is numb. Ouch. It also feels sharp at times too. 
Doctor: I see. The nurse stated here that you had some pain spreading to your mid back too. Let me feel it really quick. Let me know how that feels. 
Patient: Ouch! It hurts a lot. I feel a sharp and dull pain. Most of the time, it's just aching. 
Doctor: I see. When do you feel like the pain in your body gets the worst? 
Patient: I'd say when I'm sitting in a car for a long time.
Doctor: So, just sitting for long periods of time?
Patient: Yeah. When I stand and walk, too. 
Doctor: Have you ever taken anything for the pain?
Patient: I am on a load of narcotics for the pain.