Doctor: Good morning, young lady. Is this your mother? 
Patient: Yes, this is my mommy. 
Doctor: Good morning, mom. Can you tell me more about your daughter, please?
Guest_family: Good morning, doctor. Well, she's thirteen now, but she's had feet problems all her life. 
Doctor: What's been the problem with her feet?
Guest_family: Well, she had bilateral feet corrections when she was a year old. 
Doctor: Okay, how has she been since that procedure?
Guest_family: Well, just look at her heel, doctor. 
Doctor: Yes, I see. She has pretty significant calcaneal valgus deformity. 
Patient: What does that mean, doctor? 
Doctor: Your heel is out of alignment, sweetie. Do you have pain?
Patient: Yes, I have a lot of pain, doctor. 
Guest_family: What can we do about this, doctor? 
Doctor: Well, given all of her symptoms, I think we should do a calcaneal osteotomy and Achilles lengthening procedure. 
Guest_family: What does that procedure entail? 
Doctor: Well, in short, we'll go in there and straighten everything out, and get everything lined back up. 
Guest_family: What's the risk of infection with the surgery, sir? 
Doctor: Actually, it's less than one percent, so it's extremely low.
Guest_family: How is this possible, doctor?
Doctor: We use antibiotics to control for infection the entire time. 
Guest_family: That's great. Will she be asleep for this procedure? 
Doctor: Yes, we'll use anesthesia the entire time. She won't feel a thing. 
Guest_family: Okay, that's good too. What about after the procedure? What's the protocol?
Doctor: Well, I'll need your help. We have to be strict about her being nonweightbearing for six weeks at minimum. 
Guest_family: Will she need a brace too?
Doctor: Yes, at least for six months, but if she does everything I ask of her, it will be only six months. 
Guest_family: Okay, yes, I think we should do the procedure. What do you think, honey?
Patient: Yes, I want to get back to playing sports with my friends.
Doctor: The other risks include bleeding; changes in sensation in most of extremity; hardware failure; need for later hardware removal; possible nonunion; possible failure to correct all the deformity; and need for other surgical procedures.  I would not worry about these issues, though. It is quite rare. So, looking at her radiographs, the spinal arch is definitely collapsed. I think you guys are making the right decision.