Doctor: Around what time did the car crash take place? 
Patient: About forty five minutes ago. I think someone called nine one one shortly after it happened. 
Doctor: Do you happen to remember how fast you were driving at the time of the crash? 
Patient: I was driving about forty miles an hour.  
Doctor: What kind of car were you driving? 
Patient: A minivan. The car in front of me stopped suddenly and I hit them right from behind. The front of my car is pretty wrecked. 
Doctor: Were you wearing a seatbelt? And did the airbag deploy? 
Patient: Yes and yes. 
Doctor: Any passengers in the car with you? 
Patient: No, just me. 
Doctor: Did you hit your head anywhere? 
Patient: No, but I do have some pain on the left side of my neck. 
Doctor: Do you think you lost consciousness at any point in time? 
Patient: Actually, I do. Right after the crash. 
Doctor: Any pain elsewhere? 
Patient: Um I'm having some pain in my lower stomach area. I think it could be due to slamming into the airbag or steering wheel. 
Doctor: How would you rate this pain, ten being the worst pain ever? 
Patient: Um I'd give it a five out of ten right now. 
Doctor: Any knee, ankle, or foot pain? 
Patient: No.  
Doctor: How about pain in your shoulders, elbows, or wrists? 
Patient: Uh no, but I guess I do have a little bit of pain in my pelvic area. 
Doctor: Do you remember walking before or after the ambulance arrived? 
Patient: I don't think so. Someone told me that I was placed on the stretcher after they got me out of the car. 
Doctor: Just to confirm, no chest pain or difficulty breathing? 
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Have you noticed any cuts on your skin? 
Patient: No.  
Doctor: Any headache, nausea, or vomiting? 
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Fever or chills? 
Patient: No. 
Doctor: Any chance of pregnancy? 
Patient: No, I've been good at taking my birth control and I also have an I U D. 
Doctor: When was your last period? 
Patient: Um end of May I believe. 
Doctor: Are you taking anything besides birth control? 
Patient: Accutane for my pimples.