Doctor: Welcome in. I am Doctor Welch. 
Guest_family: Thank you! It is nice to meet you. 
Doctor: How old is your daughter? 
Guest_family: She is three years old now. 
Doctor: Hi there! 
Patient: Hi! 
Doctor: Mom I would like to start off with some questions regarding pregnancy, childbirth, and prior children. 
Guest_family: Okay. 
Doctor: Do you have any other children?
Guest_family: No. She is my only child. 
Doctor: Have you ever had any miscarriages or abortions prior to having your daughter? 
Guest_family: I had a very early miscarriage before getting pregnant again with her. 
Doctor: I am so sorry to hear that.
Guest_family: Thank you. I was difficult but when I got pregnant again with her, we were so overjoyed. 
Doctor: Did you have any difficulties or problems during your pregnancy with her. 
Guest_family: I had the flu in my seventh or eighth month of pregnancy. Other than that I had no problems. 
Doctor: How far along were you when you gave birth? 
Guest_family: I was thirty six weeks. 
Doctor: Did you have a vaginal birth or a C section? 
Guest_family: I had a regular birth. 
Doctor: Were any tools used during the birth to help with the birthing process?
Guest_family: No. 
Doctor: How long were you in labor for? 
Guest_family: I was in labor for eleven hours. 
Doctor: Were you given any anesthesia during the birth? 
Guest_family: They gave me a little bit of laughing gas but not much. 
Doctor: What was her birth weight? 
Guest_family: Seven pounds and ten ounces.
Doctor: Do you recall her Apgars score? 
Guest_family: No. I am not sure. 
Doctor: How long did you stay in the hospital after the birth? 
Guest_family: Five days. 
Doctor: Let us move to questions regarding your daughter. Has she had any development problems? 
Guest_family: She did not walk until well after two years old. She only rolled from side to side at two. 
Doctor: Okay. How old was she when she spoke her first words?
Guest_family: She was around one or two. 
Doctor: When did she start to feed herself, using her hands? 
Guest_family: She was two. 
Doctor: Has she been toilet trained yet? 
Guest_family: No. She is not interested but I have been trying.